in progress/incomplete
1. notes on naked economics
2. thoughts on arcadia
3. thoughts on radiohead (specifically OK computer)
4. conlang
5. friends
6. its such a beautiful day
7. misinformation
8. paprika
~~9. spirited away~~
10. thoughts on "For Profit"
~~11. teaching experience at narayan bangur, uttarakhand~~
12. Gamifying Islam: Investigate into the Islamic priesthood system of Kolkata
~~13. On writing and clutterless writing~~
14. The Effeminate BSP 
15. Order Flow Auctions, frontrunning, and MEV 
16. Uniswap xy=k, curve protocol bonding curve
17. The Oracle Problem and how to get information that is verifiable on chain. Eg: Making a social reward system, employment ecosystem permissionless skill market but who verifies the work?
18. The OCS internship experience and personal prejudices; idea that I am not fit for this and my interests and enthusiasm lies somewhere else
19. Breaking up with A and the experience of it; pros and cons; the metaphor of growing up and forming new bonds and breaking old bonds; contextualize with gaining information about the system; note the debate about being a robot vs allowing romance to deeply affect someone - the tradeoffs, and the "right" answer?
20. Is it ok to be just good enough?




content ideas

Argument against English as the lingua franca of the future
Where is character and excellence? Putting up such wonderful character but when the veneer is pulled, most are just lying.
~~Edward Hooper &ndash; an investigation of realism~~
The rationale behind juvenile punishment
Dialogue between two friends on the idea behind money, work, productivity, economics, resources, value creation.
Humanity is doomed; capitalism forces us to produce what people want. money and economy and markets force ppl to care about others. no thought about the planet. not visible desctruction. irreversible when visible.
Essential movies to watch before 18.
My fav 19 movies
My fav 19 songs
Publishing a youth magazine and what I learned along the way
A research into the female orgasmic cry
The second pandemic - a study of mental health during the pandemic
Hyperbole and Half style letters to past selves
Beach House: tour, personal thoughts
Radiohead
Art: Gustav Klimt
Art: Egon Schiele
Literature: Tom Stoppard's Arcadia (1993)
Whiplash: The artist's obsession with the art
Brothers
pick a location, sit somewhere and observe. inspired by georges perec's an attempt to exhaust a place in paris
conlang
~~Tech: JSON Web Tokens~~
Movie: Akira
Tech: design a WA spam image classfier
Tech: Redux and state management in React

Paradigms in Programming Languages; Constructs in PLs; Pros and Cons